Rk -- Rank
This is a count of the rows from top to bottom.
It is recalculated following the sorting of a column.

Age -- Player's age on December 31st of that year

Pos -- Position
In player and team season stats,
Capitals indicates primary starter.
Lower-case means part-time starter.

G -- Games played

GS -- Games started as an offensive or defensive player
Numbers are complete for 1920-49, 1970-72
and 1975-present but are incomplete otherwise

QBrec -- Team record in games started by this QB (regular season)

Cmp -- Passes completed

Att -- Passes attempted

Cmp% -- Percentage of Passes Completed
Minimum 14 attempts per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader.

Yds -- Yards Gained by Passing
For teams, sack yardage is deducted from this total

TD -- Passing Touchdowns

TD% -- Percentage of Touchdowns Thrown when Attempting to Pass
Minimum 14 attempts per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader

Int -- Interceptions thrown

Int% -- Percentage of Times Intercepted when Attempting to Pass
Minimum 14 attempts per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader.

Lng -- Longest Completed Pass Thrown (complete since 1975)

Y/A -- Yards gained per pass attempt
Minimum 14 attempts per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader.

AY/A -- Adjusted Yards gained per pass attempt
(Passing Yards + 20 * Passing TD - 45 * Interceptions) / (Passes Attempted)
Minimum 14 attepts per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader.

Y/C -- Yards gained per pass completion (Passing Yards) / (Passes Completed)
Minimum 14 pass attempts per schedule game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader

Y/G -- Yards gained per game played
Minimum half a game played per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader

Rate -- Quarterback Rating, see glossary for details
Different ratings are used by the NFL and NCAA.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader, minimum 150 pass attempts for playoffs leader.

QBR -- QBR
ESPN’s Total Quarterback Rating, calculated since 2006

Sk -- Times Sacked (first recorded in 1969)

Yds -- Yards lost due to sacks (first recorded in 1969)

NY/A -- Net Yards gained per pass attempt
(Passing Yards - Sack Yards) / (Passes Attempted + Times Sacked)
Minimum 14 attempts per schedule game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader.

ANY/A -- Adjusted Net Yards per Pass Attempt
(Passing Yards - Sack Yards + (20 * Passing TD) - (45 * Interceptions)) / (Passes Attempted + Times Sacked)
Minimum 14 attempts per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader.

Sk% -- Percentage of Time Sacked when Attempting to Pass - Times Sacked / (Passes Attempted + Times Sacked)
Minimum 14 attempts + sacks per scheduled game to qualify as leader.
Minimum 1500 pass attempts to qualify as career leader

4QC -- Comebacks led by quarterback.
Must be an offensive scoring drive in the 4th quarter, with the team trailing by one score, though not necessarily a drive to take the lead. Only games ending in a win or tie are included.

GWD -- Game-winning drives led by quarterback.
Must be an offensive scoring drive in the 4th quarter or overtime that puts the winning team ahead for the last time.
